feat: added Dockerfile (#72) (#75)
ethersphere/bee-dashboard: README.md

You can now access Bee Dashboard on [http://localhost:8080/](http://localhost:8080/)

## Docker

> From inside project directory:
> 
> ```sh
> docker build . -t bee-dashboard
> docker run -p 8080:8080 bee-dashboard
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build Docker image, execute the following from inside project directory:

```sh
docker build . -t bee-dashboard
docker run --rm -p 127.0.0.1:8080:8080 bee-dashboard
```
```

Author: Missing the code block closing marker ```

Reviewer 2: It's not, but github thinks it is the opening of next codeblock :/
